okay I found out that you can actually
edit rosters and this is how you do it
on the next or current gen I mean
PlayStation 4 Xbox one for you that's
why alone people that just got it
y'all gonna want to know how to do this
so here's the video you go to quick game
function are you pick teams just like
this you press triangle for rosters you
had an official 2k roster if you press
triangle you go to custom roster and all
that other good stuff but that's not
where you do it if you press circle or
you press B it brings up alternate HUD
live exit quick game blacktop a practice
like that or you if you ain't had a game
on carnage in you're not gonna light a
tribute so I suggest you go to practice
last tutorial and you go to freestyle
and then that's how you learn how to
dribble because that's honestly what I
do I be in freestyle mode for hours just
playing around the controls it's
absolutely fun I don't I don't know why
I think it's so fun it's like just
practice and basketball in the club by
yourself and not even have options you
have game sense gameplay sliders
coaching sentence controller set into
language selection this is how you set
up your options for the whole game from
my GM for playing quick games you can
set the difficulty but however you
wanted the game style is already on
simulation I'm glad that they did that
this year because I heard the thing
is not working on the water even thought
the work is what could we want to
play on it's a simulation basketball
game give us a simulations sliders and
it's just a basic option from the past
generation nothing spectacular box if
you can set up all the sliders how have
you liked I never played with this
lighter so I really don't have any tips
anything but you can still edit
everything as if it was still passed so
it's nothing changed about this it is
nothing really that expense
special about none of this to control
the send you can go back to the to pick
their team dribbling if you don't like
this the only problem is you can't go
flashy passes or you can't throw I leave
so that's why I suggest you practice to
new and now here we go to rosters this
is where you view the rosters from this
point you can't actually
edit these Russ's this is how you just
view each player on each team the only
problem I have with this is that you can
still see point guard shooting guard
small for it like who's lined up like
that they're just gonna give you this
look of it
if you click l3 or left left stick it
brings up the actual numbers instead of
the letters and if you click r3 or the
right stick it brings up the ultimate
hood and brings up each player detail
detail at each player I forgot which I
know the first one is you is the game
stats it's a career stance and you could
press l1 r1 RB or LP just this flip
through each setting this is only coming
in its own page again we used to this is
nothing new about it so it's nothing
special about any of this I know the
player badges is new so you want to look
at that for yourself ready check out
each you should have player badges by
yourself because it's none I can
actually tell you about it and if you
press r2 or right trigger you can swap
through each player without even going
back to the extra game if you don't use
the right the right stick or r3s you
turn yourself because that is important
to the game you want to know what each
player is averaging what players stats
are cuz edges absolutely helps you we've
added in eroticism you coming arise the
Creator you can actually edit your
rosters you can create a draft class
people's question if you could create
drab players we got to do it right here
for your mighty I wish you can have
custom grab classes for my career but
you can so and you still do you still
can swap between the letter grade and
the player grade
you can still can bring up their career
stats but now you can add a playbook you
can't assign please you can edit players
tendencies just everything you usually
can do
is all right here and you can't edit
players accessories that jump shot for
me it's all like this stuff I'm just mad
at the fact that they don't set it up as
if point guard shroom